[CUBRIDMAN-228] fix wrong description of the copydb (#529)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/admin_utils.rst

  -i, --control-file=FILE         copying volumes over several locations written in the control file
  -r, --replace                   replace an existing database
  -d, --delete-source             delete a source database

>       --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from source database, default: don't copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from source database (default: copying disabled)
```
OR
```suggestion
      --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from source database. By default, the LOB data is not copied.
```

>       --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from source database, default: don't copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from the source database (default: copying disabled)
```
OR
```suggestion
      --copy-lob-path             copy external storage PATH for LOB data from the source database. By default, the LOB path is not copied
```

        cubrid copydb -d -F /home/usr/CUBRID/databases demodb new_demodb

.. option:: --copy-lob-path

>     If the **\-\-copy-lob-path** option is specified, lob directory path of the target database will be set to the lob directory path of the source database. If this option is omitted, lob directory path of the target database will be set to <target database directory path>/lob. This option does not copy lob files and cannot be used with the **-B** option. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the **\-\-copy-lob-path** option is specified, the lob directory path of the target database will be set to the lob directory path of the source database. If this option is omitted, the lob directory path of the target database will be set to <target database directory path>/lob. This option does not copy lob files and cannot be used with the **-B** option. ::
```

Author: @junsklee , thank your for your comment!
